hey it's Isaac here so this video is
about how I pretty much cured my acne
it's like 98 97 percent gone you go to
the chase what I've done is eliminated
biotin for my diet and been supplamine
eggs which binds with bio 10 or 5 and
age in the bloodstream and got to keep
that out and we'll file 10 does and is
it crease it creates on more production
to scan the mystery room oils and that's
large apart causing largest cause of
acne when it comes to your through your
pores makes is what the dirts I mean
gets stuck in there and then a lot of
bacteria such to grow to create happen
again it's the biggest problem myself I
always have really oily skin until I've
started this and I've decreased by a
little dramatically vitamin biotin the
cause of excess oil or even oil
production and fry self it's worked very
well now there's a few links below
different form sites and such where
other people of noted the same thing how
their experiences and the self discovery
of how biotin for them was the biggest
cause back in a couple more world and
cystic acne and by doing a biotin their
skin clears up now I was on a vitamin
pill for a while about two years and
during that time acne was the worst and
I never guess what it was I never never
pretty was the vitamin pill pack I have
a head biotin 300k mcg in my vitamin
pill and I'd added all about four months
ago
b-complex I had take it on and off two
different ones and both of those had
biotin at 400 DG
back and got worse at that might be
something else is really freaking me out
I think just getting worse and then one
day I ran on the boat with him was that
have the funds to currently go out and
buy more so I did go a week without him
and during that week um my acne got
clear cleared up dramatically I was like
it's like 60% gone it is clear starting
to heal and I did some research just
like okay um I just searched stuff like
vitamins vitamin pills causing acne and
such in a camera cause biotin need a
possible cause because I noticed I noted
that it got worse when I added my
b-complex I'm like okay that's all be
vitamins so
but it's one of these more than likely
so I found some other places on the
Internet where Valerie Bob noted that
they cared Arachne and some being cystic
cystic acne which is one of the worst
look at this pores and after reading
about and after reading about those
experiences I decided I'll go ahead and
try um I invited the former time to see
what happens I took one before I went to
bed
this was after week when I got them back
in them I got them back in stock in the
mail at the tip one the next morning and
by that late mid-afternoon evening of
that day I had a really bad break out
and I was like okay we know what it is
it's just piled into like okay I know
what it is and since then I had a fight
with my diet don't anything high in
biotin I have been eating five makes
every night could last for weeks okay
eggs on an awful lot before but now I'm
actually much more consistent with make
sure to every night at least four to
five eight work my bags and those are
saying early that actually binds with a
bio tend to the chemical compound in the
gay explains with biotin to eliminate it
to keep it from creasing oil production
because even without the pills I still
produce a lot of biotin and naturally in
my gut which increases oil production
the skin which I actually don't need now
once you get older usually the biotin
seems to level out hopefully
yeah okay but I'm not getting too far
into the science about this but yeah for
myself this is what's worked best I've
tried a lot of crap to try and give it a
back after a ton of different creams the
proactive and all that my stuff didn't
work I mean it helped to a degree it
seemed to keep it clear that he'll never
took it away or just got rid of it I've
got to maintain it fairly heavily now
there's other things you can also do to
help on cut acne down is what washing
your bedding or swapping out much more
regularly to keep the oils on your bed
so you don't freak yourself out I do
that that helped a bit when I did that
instead of like once or twice a week I
do about four or five if you want to try
this I suggest just going to eat without
on these compounds with a lot of bio
channel and eating the next s of fake
snow now if you have an allergy or
something or you only sit well with eggs
might be able to get the compound that's
in eggs as a supplement or maybe your
powdered powder and capsules want to
take that I have an actual to myself but
it's probably there if I do put a link
below I can find it I hope maybe this
can help you if you need that any of you
that are stuck with grafting I know it's
myself it has doing significant degree
and I'm I'm a lot happier because I mean
myself was acne that was always one of
those little things that just tear you
down slowly but surely and it's a little
things that tear at you that the pitch
some of the big thing comes or big trial
it's something just knocked over eat so
so controllers going down and recently
I'm very grid of all those I got pretty
much covered back and that's one of the
one of the things and my synching
schedule perfected and during the right
time and change my circadian rhythm and
things like that those are all different
videos but I'm really trying to reduce
all things of life that really just just
wear you down and that's one of the big
things acne it's been one of the biggest
things my life like what last six years
my life that it's just really wearing me
down I finally figured it out approach
to the Lord so I hope you guys like this
video hopefully it might help you with
your acne if you have any if you would
go ahead like button subscribe share
this and I'll be sure to making work
guys more content and as always try to
drive be almost optimal you you can be
and stay frosty how's it go